In general, I've always optimized for learning and impact, and so if I feel like I can make
a change in my career and position myself in some place where I can have more impact
or I'm learning or exposed to new things, then that will help me grow.
I've also been very motivated by relationships and the people that I work with, and so surrounding
yourself with people, people that share your values, people that inspire you, is really
really important to help you grow and develop in your career.
And so I always give the advice to, especially people earlier in their career, to focus on
building relationships and working with people who are a lot more experienced than you or
people that you feel like you can learn from and learn their tricks and use that to help
you get better.